1) pip install django -> to install django

2) django-admin -> to see a list of commands

3) django-admin startproject {project name} -> to start project and after running this command dango will create in-built files & folders

4) python {project name}/manage.py runserver ->to get link

5) create views.py file 

6) from . import views -> in urls.py

7) add path function inside urlpatterns in urls.py:
        path('', views.index, name='index'),
            # name='': Naming a path will help us to access a path from templates.
        path('about/', views.about, name='about'),

8) Creating Functions In views.py:
    from django.http import HttpResponse

    def index(request):
        return HttpResponse('''Harry  Django CodeWithHarry''')

    def about(request):
        return HttpResponse("About Harry Bhai")

9) Updating settings.py file :
    Step 1: Open settings.py
    Step 2: Find 'DIRS' in settings.py. Write "templates" inside the double quotes in DIRS. This is the folder where we will keep our HTML template files.

10) To return anything from this HTML file, we need to make some changes in the views.py file. Open the views.py file and type the import statement given below:
    from django.shortcuts import render

11) def index(request):
    return render(request, 'index.html')

12) render() function takes three arguments:
    1.request: It is the argument that is required to serve the input request.
    2.Name of the template file: The name of the template which we want to use. Here, we have passed "index.html."
    3.Name of the dictionary: We can also pass a dictionary containing variables to the template if we want.
13) CSRF tokens-
    1.CSRF stands for Cross-Site Request Forgery.
    2.The server-side application generates and transmits a huge, random, and unpredictable number to the client      to make sure that the request is coming from the original client and not from a malicious website.
    3.CSRF tokens are used to protect the site against CSRF attacks.
14) How to create Apps-
	python manage.py startapp name_of_the_app